Update {editing,netbeans,quickfix,syntax}.{txt,jax} (#836)
vim-jp/vimdoc-ja-working: en/syntax.txt

:sy[ntax] case
	Show either "syntax case match" or "syntax case ignore" (translated).

DEFINING FOLDLEVEL					*:syn-foldlevel*

:sy[ntax] foldlevel [start | minimum]
	This defines how the foldlevel of a line is computed when using
	foldmethod=syntax (see |fold-syntax| and |:syn-fold|):

	start:		Use level of item containing start of line.
	minimum:	Use lowest local-minimum level of items on line.

> 	The default is 'start'.  Use 'minimum' to search a line horizontally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	The default is "start".  Use "minimum" to search a line horizontally
```
原文に対する指摘ですが、シングルクォートではなくダブルクォートを使うべきですね。シングルクォートだとオプション扱いとしてハイライトされてしまうので。

Author: 報告しつつ直しますね。
